[adventurous music]
♪ ♪
- ONLY ONE DAY TO GO.
- WE KNOW, TRUDY.
THE ECLIPSE IS TOMORROW.
- IT'S PRETTY MUCH
ALL WE'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT.
- WELL, MR. SWEET WILL BE
VERY PLEASED TO HEAR IT.
HE JUST WANTS TO MAKE SURE
THAT EVERYBODY KNOWS
WHAT'S COMING.
- AN ANCIENT EVIL
IS WHAT'S COMING.
- YEAH.
- COME ON, GUYS.
I WAS SENT HERE TO FIX THIS,
AND WE'RE A DAY AWAY,
AND WE STILL HAVE NO PLAN.
- THERE'S GOT TO BE A WAY.
- IF WE CAN'T DO
THE CEREMONY OURSELVES,
THEN WE JUST HAVE TO MAKE SURE
THE ADULTS CAN'T DO IT EITHER.
- BUT I WAS SENT HERE
TO STOP--
- TO STOP A GREAT EVIL, YES.
SO WE MAKE SURE THEY CAN'T
HAVE THE THINGS THEY NEED:
THE BRACELET
AND THE DESCENDENT.
AM I RIGHT?
- BUT WHAT ABOUT FROBISHER?
MY GREAT-GRANDFATHER
JUST STAYS ASLEEP?
FOREVER?
- IT'S BETTER THAN THE WHOLE
GREAT EVIL THING.
- I CAN'T GIVE UP ON HIM.
I WANT TO SEE HIM AT PEACE.
[glass shatters]
- NO, VICTOR!
NO!
- IT MUST BE HERE!
IT'S NOT IN THEIR ROOMS,
NOT IN THEIR BAGS.
WHERE ELSE WOULD THEY HIDE IT?
- NOT THAT LOCKER!
IT DOESN'T EVEN BELONG
TO ANYBODY FROM ANUBIS HOUSE!
- THEY ARE MORE CLEVER
THAN WE GIVE THEM CREDIT FOR,
THESE VERMIN.
THEY MAY WELL HIDE IT SOMEWHERE
WE WOULD NEVER THINK TO LOOK.
AHA!
FOR EXAMPLE.
- VICTOR, THE SCHOOL
IS ABOUT TO OPEN.
WE HAVE TO CLEAR
ALL OF THIS UP.
OTHERWISE, THEY WILL KNOW
WE ARE ONTO THEM.
- I AM ONTO THEM, ERIC.
I AM ONTO THEM.
- HEY.
MARA AND WILLOW,
ARE THEY STILL ROOMIES?
- I'M A PROFESSIONAL, DREW.
OF COURSE NOT.
WILLOW'S SWAPPING ROOMS.
- I LOVE YOU.
- SO THERE'S NOT NEED
TO TELL VICTOR ABOUT ANY KEY
THAT MAY BE IN MY POSSESSION,
IS THERE?
- NO, NOT UNTIL I CAN THINK
OF SOMETHING ELSE
THAT I WANT FROM YOU.
- AND IF YOU TRY THAT,
I MIGHT JUST BECOME
VERY INTERESTED
IN THE REAL REASON
YOU WANTED WILLOW
OUT OF THE WAY.
- DON'T--
- I TOLD YOU.
I'M A PROFESSIONAL, JEROME.
- ALL THESE YEARS, CORBIERRE.
ALL THESE LONG YEARS OF WAITING,
AND NOW IT IS TIME,
AND WE ARE STARING
INTO THE JAWS OF FAILURE!
I MUST FIND THAT BRACELET.
- MARA?
CAN I TALK TO YOU?
YOU MIGHT WANT TO SIT DOWN.
YOU KNOW HOW AT THE END
OF EVERY DAY,
THE SUN SETS?
THAT DAY IS GONE,
AND WE CAN NOW LOOK FORWARD
TO A NEW DAWN.
- YES?
- AND EVERY YEAR,
THE BIRDS FLY SOUTH,
AND THE WHALES SWIM
TO DIFFERENT SEAS,
AND THE PENGUINS MOVE INLAND
ONTO THICKER ICE?
- YES?
- I'M THE WHALE
OR THE PENGUIN.
[chuckles]
- OKAY.
- [sighs]
I WAS SO WORRIED THAT YOU
WERE GOING TO BE MAD AT ME.
- WILLOW, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
- OH, I THOUGHT
I WAS QUITE CLEAR.
OKAY.
I'M MOVING ROOMS.
- YOU ARE?
I MEAN, YOU ARE?
WILLOW, THAT'S A SHAME.
BUT I UNDERSTAND
IF THAT'S THE WAY OF THINGS.
- AND HEY.
AT LEAST WE'VE STILL GOT
THE ECLIPSE PROJECT.
- TRUE.
SO MAY I HELP YOU PACK?
TWICE AS FAST
WITH TWO PEOPLE, YOU KNOW?
- OH, MARA.
YOU ARE SO, SO KIND.
WHAT WOULD I DO WITHOUT YOU?
- ALL I'M SAYING IS,
KT HAS A POINT.
WE CAN'T JUST GIVE UP ON HER.
LOOK, I MEAN,
WE HAVE THIS, RIGHT?
AND WE HAVE KT.
- AND THE TEACHERS
COULD KIDNAP HER AT ANY MINUTE.
- LOOK, ALL WE CAN DO NOW
IS KEEP KT AWAY.
- YEAH, AS FAR AWAY
AS POSSIBLE.
- WHAT?
- SHE'S IN DANGER.
SHE NEEDS TO GET OUT OF HERE.
- NO, KT STAYS.
- WHAT?
NO.
- WHAT ABOUT KT?
- NOTHING.
WE'RE GONNA BE LATE FOR CLASS.
COME ON.
- ALFIE, MY LOVE LIFE
IS BECOMING VERY COMPLICATED.
- SO BREAK UP WITH WILLOW.
- I AM NOT TRYING TO HURT
EITHER ONE OF THEIR FEELINGS,
BUT I HAD TO TELL HER
THAT MARA STILL THINKS
WE'RE TOGETHER,
BECAUSE SHE'S A LITTLE--
[whistles]
- OKAY, SO IF YOU BREAK UP
WITH ONE OF THEM, SAY, WILLOW,
THEN YOU WOULDN'T HAVE TO WORRY.
- WHY WILLOW AND NOT--
WAIT, WHY WOULD--
WHAT?
WAIT.
ARE WE A BIT JEALOUS, ALFREDO?
- [scoffs]
NO, I AM ONLY JEALOUS OF PEOPLE
THAT CAN TIGHTROPE WALK
WHILE GARGLING,
BECAUSE THAT'S JUST LIKE--
[gargles]
- ADMIT IT.
YOU'VE GOT A CRUSH ON HER.
- I DO NOT.
WHY WOULD--
- I THOUGH MY BEST FRIEND
WOULD BE ON MY SIDE.
- NO, I DO NOT HAVE
A CRUSH ON WILLOW.
- HI, ALFIE!
- HI!
[laughs]
- I'VE GOT SOME ECLIPSE CHARTS
TO HAND OUT.
YOU KNOW, BECAUSE
I'M THE PROJECT COORDINATOR.
- YEAH.
- I'M RUNNING
REALLY LATE, THOUGH,
SO I WAS THINKING
I COULD ASK MR. SWEET
IF WE COULD JUST MOVE
THE ECLIPSE TO SATURDAY
INSTEAD OF FRIDAY.
[chuckles]
- OH, GREAT IDEA.
YES.
OF COURSE, YEAH.
- YOU THINK SO?
- YEAH. YEAH.
- OH, GREAT.
- OH, WELL, THAT IS.
HEY.
OH.
- MM.
- OH, YEAH.
[both giggling]
OH, MAN.
I DO HAVE A CRUSH ON WILLOW.
- ONLY ONE DAY LEFT,
AND WE STILL DON'T HAVE
WHAT WE NEED FOR THE CEREMONY.
- AND WHOSE FAULT IS THAT?
- WELL, THAT'S RATHER RICH
COMING FROM THE PERSON
WHO LOST THE TANK.
- ALL YOUR ATTEMPTS
TO GET THE BRACELET HAVE FAILED.
IF THERE'S BLAME--
- UM, I KNOW
WHERE THE BRACELET IS.
- WHERE?
WELL, WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?
LET'S GO NOW!
- NO.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
IF WE GET THE BRACELET,
THEN WE ONLY HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT PUTTING
THE DESCENDENT IN PLACE.
- I AM THE SEEKER.
THE DESCENDENT
IS MY RESPONSIBILITY.
AND I HAVE AN IDEA
THAT WILL BRING US
EVERYTHING THAT WE REQUIRE.
- WELL, I STILL THINK
MOVING THE ECLIPSE
WAS A GOOD IDEA.
- I'M SURE THE OTHERS
DIDN'T MEAN TO LAUGH.
- ALFIE SAID
IT WAS A GREAT IDEA.
- HE MIGHT BE
A LITTLE BIASED,
LIKE ME.
- OH.
[sighs]
- UH--
- YOU ALWAYS CHEER ME UP.
- UH, DIDN'T WE AGREE
TO KEEP THE "US" THING SECRET?
- OH, SO THAT WE DON'T
TRAUMATIZE POOR MARA?
AH, I KEEP FORGETTING.
- SEE, THAT'S WHY IT'S BEST
YOU'RE SWAPPING ROOMS.
IT'LL JUST MAKE EVERYONE'S LIVES
A LOT SIMPLER.
- MM.
OH!
- UH--GAH!
THE SECRET THING, YEAH?
- OH, SILLY ME.
[laughs]
- OH, THAT'S ONE PROBLEM SOLVED.
- IS THERE SOMETHING
I SHOULD KNOW?
- A DIVERSION?
VERY CLEVER, ERIC.
- GETTING RID
OF THE NEW AMERICAN GIRL
WHO IS EQUALLY AS TROUBLESOME
AS THE LAST.
GOOD.
I LIKE IT.
- SOMETIMES, VICTOR,
WE NEED TO BE SUBTLE.
MM?
- YES.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
SHE WAS HUGGING YOU
TO SAY THANKS?
- FOR SOME ADVICE
I WAS GIVING HER.
- WELL, WHY WOULD WILLOW
COME TO YOU FOR ADVICE?
YOU HARDLY KNOW HER, DO YOU?
- SHE CAME TO ME
BECAUSE SHE WANTED ADVICE
ABOUT ALFIE.
- WHAT ABOUT HIM?
- SHE'S GOT A CRUSH ON HIM!
- I KNEW IT!
I THOUGHT THAT POEM SHE DID
ON OPEN DAY WAS ABOUT HIM,
WELL, AFTER I REALIZED
IT COULDN'T HAVE BEEN
ABOUT VICTOR.
- UH, YEAH, YEAH, ME TOO.
- THEY'D BE PERFECT TOGETHER.
- WELL, SHE'S FAIRLY SURE
HE DOESN'T LIKE HER.
SEE, THAT'S WHAT SHE WAS TRYING
TO GET OFF HER CHEST.
SO THERE'S REALLY NO POINT
IN SAYING ANYTHING TO ALFIE.
- OH, DON'T YOU WORRY
ABOUT THAT.
I'LL HAVE A CHAT
WITH BOTH OF THEM.
- OH.
- I'VE DECIDED TO POSTPONE
NORMAL LESSONS TODAY.
- YAY.
- AND INSTEAD,
WE WILL CONCENTRATE
ON OUR ECLIPSE PROJECTS, HMM?
- THIS ECLIPSE MUST BE
PRETTY IMPORTANT TO YOU.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, SIR?
- IT'S GOING TO BE
A GREAT DAY, EDDIE,
A DAY WE WILL ALL REMEMBER
FOR A VERY LONG TIME.
- MR. SWEET, SURELY AN ECLIPSE
IS JUST THE MOON
PASSING ACROSS THE SUN,
A FLUKE OF COSMIC POSITIONING,
WHICH ACTUALLY MEANS NOTHING.
- WELL, MARA,
THE ANCIENT CHINESE
DIDN'T THINK SO.
- WHAT ABOUT THE EGYPTIANS, SIR?
WHAT DID THEY BELIEVE?
- THE EGYPTIANS BELIEVED--
- THEY BELIEVED
THAT A HUGE, EVIL SNAKE
ENCIRCLED THE EARTH AND FOUGHT
THE SUN GOD EVERY DAY.
MOST DAYS,
THE SNAKE WAS DEFEATED,
AND THE SUN CAME UP
JUST AS NORMAL.
BUT EVERY SO OFTEN,
THE SNAKE DEVOURED THE SUN.
EVIL WON, AND DARKNESS
FELL UPON THE EARTH.
- THAT'S VERY GOOD, FABIAN.
OH, KT, I ALMOST FORGOT.
COULD YOU RUN
AN ERRAND FOR ME, PLEASE?
- ME?
- YES, COULD YOU GO
TO THE COMMON ROOM
AND PICK UP THE ASTRONOMY BOOKS
I LEFT ON THE STAGE?
I FORGOT
TO BRING THEM WITH ME.
- [mouthing words]
- UM--
- NOW, PLEASE.
- OKAY.
- I--NO SWEAT.
I'LL GO GRAB THEM.
- YOU NEED THE EXTRA STUDY,
EDISON.
SIT.
- I'LL GO.
I MEAN, I'M THE BEST
AT CARRYING BOOKS.
EVERYONE ALWAYS SAYS SO.
- NO.
I WANT KT TO GO.
- I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- I TOLD YOU.
THEY'RE GONNA TRY
AND KIDNAP HER.
- SOMEONE THERE?
- IT IS HIGHLY DANGEROUS
TO GAZE DIRECTLY AT AN ECLIPSE.
[phone vibrating]
THAT IS BECAUSE THE EYE--
- EDDIE, WE HAVE
TO DO SOMETHING.
- I GOT A TEXT FROM KT.
- WHAT DOES IT SAY?
- "HELP."
- SO AS YOU WILL SEE,
WITH MY HOMEMADE VIEWER,
YOU CAN NOW WATCH AN ECLIPSE
IN COMPLETE SAFE--
- I JUST REALIZED, MR. SWEET,
I--I LEFT MY LOCKER OPEN.
- WELL, IT'LL HAVE TO WAIT.
NOW, THE ONLY SAFE WAY--
- MR. SWEET.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I--MY ALLOWANCE IS IN IT.
I MEAN, THE MONEY YOU GAVE ME.
SO REALLY IT'S LIKE
YOUR MONEY AT RISK.
- WELL, VERY WELL.
BE QUICK.
STOP!
YOUR JACKET.
I'VE TOLD YOU 100 TIMES.
THAT IS NOT SCHOOL UNIFORM.
- YEAH.
- KT!
- THANK YOU AGAIN.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I WAS SO FORGETFUL.
- NO PROBLEM, MISS.
- EDDIE.
- WE THOUGHT
YOU HAD BEEN KIDNAPPED.
- WHAT?
NO.
SHE ASKED TO BORROW MY PHONE,
WHICH IS KIND OF WEIRD.
SHE SAID THAT SHE LEFT HERS
AT THE GATEHOUSE
AND THAT SHE NEEDED
TO TEXT SOMEBODY.
- SHE TEXTED ME!
IT WAS ME!
- HUH?
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
IT'S A TRICK, OKAY?
IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU.
THEY NEEDED ME OUT OF CLASS.
- EDDIE.
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
NOTHING MISSING, I HOPE.
- WHERE'D EVERYONE GO?
- OH, I'VE SENT THEM ALL OUT
TO WORK
ON THEIR INDIVIDUAL PROJECTS.
UH,
HERE YOU GO.
YOU'LL BE NEEDING THAT.
- OSIRIAN, YOU IDIOT!
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WHY ARE YOU ACTING SO--
- NO, THE BRACELET, OKAY?
IT WAS IN MY JACKET,
AND NOW IT'S GONE.
MY DAD TOOK IT.
THEY HAVE THE BRACELET.
- OH, HEY, MARA.
OH, IF YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR JEROME, HE'S NOT HERE.
- I'M LOOKING FOR YOU.
- OKAY, I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING.
UM--
- OKAY.
I KNOW SOMEONE
WHO LIKES YOU A LOT.
- NOW, FLATTERY WILL NOT GET YOU
ANY OF MY CHIPS, MARA.
NO WAY.
- I'M SERIOUS.
YOU'VE GOT AN ADMIRER.
- AH.
- AND ANYONE CAN SEE WHY.
- I DON'T FOLLOW.
- ALL I'LL SAY
IS W-I-DOUBLE L-O-W.
- WILLWALL LIKES ME?
WAIT, WILLOW?
HMM.
- THIS IS ALL MY FAULT.
I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED
TO THE OTHERS.
OKAY, HERE.
- WHAT?
- TRAIN SCHEDULE.
YOU HAVE TO GET
OUT OF HERE TODAY.
- KT, YOU'RE THE DESCENDENT.
YOU'RE THE ONLY THING
THAT'S STOPPING THEM
FROM COMPLETING THE CEREMONY,
NOW THEY HAVE THE BRACELET.
- I CAN'T GO.
MY GREAT-GRANDPA--
- HEY, A GREAT EVIL IS ABOUT
TO BE UNLEASHED, REMEMBER?
- OKAY.
ONLY THING,
HOW DO WE CONVINCE SCHOOL
TO LET ME GO?
- I HOPE YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING, MISS DENBY.
- I AM WHOLLY COMMITTED
TO THOSE CHILDREN
BEING ALL THAT THEY CAN BE,
VICTOR.
- MM.
- YOU KNOW THAT.
- COME.
AH, TRUDY.
AND KT.
PLEASE.
TO WHAT DO I OWE THIS PLEASURE?
- THIS LITTLE MITE IS HOMESICK.
- HOMESICK?
- SHE'S MISSING HER FAMILY,
AND PATRICIA SAYS SHE CRIES
HERSELF TO SLEEP AT NIGHT,
CALLING OUT
FOR HER LITTLE PUPPY.
- YEAH, SHE MAY HAVE EXAGGERATED
ON THAT LAST BIT.
- KT, IT'S NOT
THAT I'M UNSYMPATHETIC,
BUT THIS IS A CRUCIAL TIME
FOR YOUR STUDIES.
- MY STUDIES WILL SUFFER
IF I'M UNHAPPY.
- I'D BE VERY RELUCTANT
TO LET YOU LEAVE.
- MR. SWEET, AS HOUSEKEEPER,
I HAVE A DUTY OF CARE TO KT,
AND WELL, I CAN SEE
NO GOOD REASON
WHY SHE SHOULD BE KEPT HERE
AT THE MOMENT.
- ALL RIGHT.
GO.
- YAY.
THANK YOU.
QUICK, BEFORE HE CHANGES
HIS MIND.
- I'M SORRY TO BE THE BEARER
OF BAD NEWS.
- WAIT, ARE YOU SAYING
THAT WE FLUNKED HISTORY ALREADY?
- THE THING IS,
MR. SWEET HINTED THAT, UM,
IF YOU GUYS WERE TO FAIL
ONE MORE SUBJECT,
YOU MIGHT LOSE
YOUR SCHOLARSHIPS.
- WITHOUT THE SCHOLARSHIP,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
QUIT THE SCHOOL.
- ME TOO.
- OH, LET'S NOT PANIC.
IF YOU WERE TO GIVE
THIS ECLIPSE PROJECT
A REALLY GOOD SHOT,
I CAN MAKE SURE IT COUNTS
TOWARDS YOUR FINAL GRADES.
- YOU CAN REALLY DO THAT?
- LEAVE IT TO ME.
WELL, NO TIME TO WASTE.
FIRST GROUP MEETING
AT THE GATEHOUSE, TONIGHT.
- HE AGREED TOO QUICKLY.
WHY WOULD SWEET SAY YES
IF THEY NEEDED ME
FOR THE CEREMONY?
- SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT.
- I DON'T SEE HOW.
I HAD EVERYTHING WORKED OUT.
I CAN'T HAVE MISSED ANYTHING.
- ARE YOU SAYING THAT KT'S
NOT THE DESCENDENT, THEN?
- OF COURSE I AM.
THAT IS TOTALLY
MY GREAT-GRANDFATHER
ASLEEP IN THAT TANK.
- IT COULD BE A DOUBLE BLUFF.
PERHAPS THEY'LL SWOOP IN
AND TRY AND GRAB KT
BEFORE SHE HAS THE CHANCE
TO GET AWAY.
- I DON'T LIKE THIS.
OKAY, WE NEED TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT THEY KNOW.
- YEAH, AND HOW DO WE DO THAT?
[stammers]
- EDDIE?
- OKAY, I'M GONNA GO
GET INTO MY DAD'S OFFICE, OKAY?
I WANT TO SEE
WHAT THEY GOT ON YOU.
- [sighs]
- WELL, IT'S KIND OF A SHAME
THAT YOU'RE MOVING OUT.
WE COULD HAVE PULLED
AN ALL-NIGHTER
TO WORK ON THE PROJECT.
- WILD.
- I WAS THINKING,
IF WE CONCENTRATE
ON THE SCIENTIFIC FACT
BEHIND THE ECLIPSES--
- I LOVE SCIENCE.
I'M A REALLY BIG FAN.
- YOU ARE?
WELL, WHAT'S
YOUR FAVORITE SCIENCE SUBJECT?
- POTTERY.
- POTTERY IS NOT EXACTLY
A SCIENCE.
- THAT'S WHERE
I'VE BEEN GOING WRONG.
- YOU'RE SO RIGHT FOR HIM.
- WHAT'S THAT?
- ALFIE.
YOU AND ALFIE.
YOU'D BE PERFECT TOGETHER.
- ALFIE?
- IT'D BE GREAT
IF YOU GOT WITH HIM.
HE'S BEEN SO UNLUCKY IN LOVE.
I WISH YOU COULD FIND
THE SAME THING AS ME AND JEROME.
- BUT WE ALL NEED
TO MOVE ON SOMEDAY.
DON'T WE, MARA?
- YOU ARE SO RIGHT.
WE ALL HAVE TO MOVE ON.
- I'LL CERTAINLY THINK
ABOUT YOUR ADVICE.
- I HOPE SO.
[both mouthing words]
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
MR. SWEET IS HERE?
WHAT DOES HE WANT?
- I DON'T KNOW.
HE JUST SAID
TO GO AND FIND YOU.
- MAYBE HE CAUGHT EDDIE
SNEAKING INTO SCHOOL.
OR MAYBE EDDIE TOLD.
- YEAH, MAYBE HE JUST WANTS
TO HANG OUT.
WE ARE PRETTY COOL.
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
HE WOULD HAVE JUST ASKED ME.
- AH, I'VE COME TO COLLECT YOU
FOR YOUR EXTRA TUITION.
- SORRY, MR. SWEET.
FOR A CRAZY SECOND THEN,
I THOUGHT YOU SAID,
"EXTRA TUITION."
- FOR THE ECLIPSE PROJECT.
YOU DO KNOW
THAT MISS DENBY'S
ARRANGED A LATE-NIGHT MEETING
FOR YOUR GROUP?
JEROME AND JOY
ARE OVER THERE ALREADY.
YOU'RE MISSING OUT
ON ALL THE FUN.
- I CAN DO WITHOUT FUN.
- ME TOO.
I HATE FUN.
- WELL, DON'T WORRY.
THERE'LL BE LOTS
OF HARD WORK TOO.
AND WE DON'T WANT YOU TO MESS UP
ON THE BIG DAY, NOW, DO WE?
EXEAMUS.
- KT.
DESCENDENT, DESCENDENT.
NOTHING!
I GUESS IT WON'T
DO ANY HARM TO LOOK.
SEE IF ANYONE UNDERSTANDS HER.
WAIT.
WHAT?
HEY, HEY, CHECK THIS OUT.
- YOU STOLE PATRICIA'S FILE
AND ALFIE'S AND JEROME'S, JOY'S.
- LOOK, I'LL RETURN THEM, OKAY?
BUT YOU NEVER WOULD HAVE
BELIEVED ME OTHERWISE.
- BELIEVED WHAT?
- OKAY, DID YOU KNOW
THAT ALFIE, PATRICIA, JEROME,
AND JOY ARE ALL HERE
ON THE SAME SCHOLARSHIP?
- NO.
WHY WOULD WE?
- OKAY, IT'S CALLED
THE CANDY FOUNDATION FUND.
- SO WHAT?
- OKAY, SO WHAT DO YOU GUYS
CALL CANDY?
- WE CALL THEM SWEETS.
- AS IN MR. SWEET, THE SEEKER.
- WAIT, ARE YOU SAYING
HE BROUGHT THEM HERE
TO THE SCHOOL DELIBERATELY?
WHY?
- LOOK.
- THAT'S FROBISHER.
- OKAY, AND SEE, THIS
IS PATRICIA'S GREAT-GRANDMA.
THIS IS ALFIE'S GREAT-GRANDPA,
JEROME'S, JOY'S.
- WAIT.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
MY GREAT-GRANDFATHER'S
EXPEDITION PARTY.
THEY'VE ALL GOT DESCENDENTS
AT THE SCHOOL?
- THEY'RE THE DESCENDENTS,
NOT YOU.
- THEY'RE THE ONES
THEY NEED FOR THE CEREMONY.
- WE HAVE TO WARN THEM.
- IT'S TOO LATE.
THEY'VE ALL GONE
TO THE GATEHOUSE.
- AH, THERE YOU ARE.
STARTING TO THINK
YOU HAD OTHER PLANS.
SO WHY DON'T WE ALL GO INSIDE,
AND I'LL TELL YOU ALL ABOUT...
[thunder crashes]
THE VERY SPECIAL
ECLIPSE CEREMONY.
- SUPER IDEA, MISS.
- I THINK I'M GONNA GO BACK.
YEAH, I'VE GOT A REALLY
IMPORTANT SANDWICH TO FINISH.
- INSIDE, PLEASE, ALFIE.
I INSIST.
- INSIDE!